a u.s marine sniper stands on a land
mine and becomes trapped in the desert
for 52 hours waiting for help that's why
today on the summarizer mine
in an important mission in the middle of
the desert we see mike a skilled
american sniper and tommy his spotter
and assistant they're on top of a rock
waiting for a convoy to arrive with a
dangerous terrorist whom they must
eliminate as they talk a group of
civilians arrive walking to the scene
seconds later the convoy can be seen
approaching while mike receives
indications on how to act the vans stop
and from one of them the target there to
assassinate gets out a wedding was being
celebrated in the place and mike tries
to attack his target but doesn't get a
clean shot suddenly one of the
combatants sees the reflection of the
sun in the sniper's sight so he shouts
and alerts the others the target
retreats into the van while the others
fire at the soldiers mike and tommy flee
on foot trying to camouflage themselves
with the surroundings the fighters give
chase but the soldiers manage to hide
behind a rock when they're about to find
them one of the gunman gives the order
to retreat as a fierce sandstorm can be
seen rapidly approaching inside the
storm the soldiers take the opportunity
to move and call for help over the radio
the command center tells them that an
immediate extraction is impossible and
orders them to head for a town to the
west sometime later the storm passes and
we can see the two soldiers walking in
the sun the wind blows a metal sign with
strange letters printed on it with a
danger sign tommy tells him that the
sign is a false signal to keep the
enemies away and there is really nothing
to worry about mike is not so sure about
that and tells him that it could
indicate the presence of land mines
under the sand tommy tells mike to keep
moving towards the village and the guy
follows him from behind shortly tommy
steps on one of the mines and when he
lifts his foot he flies through the air
mike is stunned and tries to go to help
his partner but when he takes a step he
hears another one of the minds activate
under him mike realizes this so he
stands still because if he stops putting
pressure on the mine the bomb would
detonate the radio was in tommy's
backpack so the agonizing guy injects
himself with morphine to relieve the
pain and tries to reach the radio tommy
tries to communicate with the command
center but is unable to do so his wounds
are very serious he's bleeding to death
and since no one can help him he decides
to end his suffering mike is devastated
but he must resist he gets down on his
knees and takes out his knife with which
he checks that he is really standing on
a mine he then removes his boot lace
takes off the sniper's rifle holder and
assembles a kind of improvised hook with
a tactical axe on the end which he uses
to hook his partner's backpack and bring
it closer to him when he tries to use
the radio he realizes that he has no
battery left so he takes a portable
panel out of the backpack and charges it
after a while he tries to communicate
with the military base again and this
time he succeeds mike reports his and
tommy's situation and asks for immediate
evacuation with explosives disarmament
the other side tells him that their
vehicles are not yet in use because of
the sandstorms but that there is an
allied convoy that could pass through
their location in 52 hours he further
suggests to him that the mine might be
old so there is a chance it might not
explode when he lifts his foot the
communication cuts out and mike
activates a 52-hour countdown on his
watch later while he eats something he
realizes that a strong sandstorm is
advancing towards him mike grabs his
rifle with one hand and his knife with
the other and sticks him into the sand
to brace himself so that the fast-moving
winds will not be able to knock him off
his feet when the storm passes mike sees
that his friend is by his side he
decides to take the batteries for the
radio that were in tommy's vest but when
he looks for the backpack he sees that
the wind blew it several meters away to
an unreachable distance the boy laughs
with some insanity and shoots into the
sky hoping that someone hears him soon a
man appears from the dunes and mike
tries to communicate with him he shouts
warning him of the minefield but the guy
ignores him and keeps moving forward the
man speaks some english and seems to
know how to get to mike without stepping
on any explosives as he gets closer he
tells him that he has to take the next
step the guy is very confused and tells
him he can't do it to which the guy
points to his canteen mike gives it to
him and then asks him to please get his
radio the man tells him that the radio
doesn't play good music and insists that
mike take the next step then he leaves
while mike yells at him trying to
explain that he can't move after a while
the man's daughter appears and runs up
to mike with her canteen the girl hands
it back full of water and he thanks her
while the girl pulls a toy soldier out
of her bag the man pulls one out of his
vest and gives it to the girl to play
with seconds later mike asks her to
reach for the radio and the girl looks
at him the man gets desperate and yells
at her so the girl runs away more than
38 hours to the rescue are left when
night begins to fall mike eats an energy
bar and then improvises a small fire
with some sticks that were nearby at
night mike's fire goes out and he tries
to rekindle it as it is the only thing
that protects him from the wild animals
after a while mike hears some howling
nearby so he shoots with his friend's
gun trying to scare the animals away the
jackals approach and take tommy's body
mike shoots one of them that when
running away detonates a mind scaring
all the other animals away the next day
the man appears again and asks his name
the man asks mike why he is not a free
man and suggests that he is a lucky man
because he survived a night in the
desert with his foot on a mine the guy
assumes mike is afraid and tells him
that every day his step could be his
last so what's the difference today mike
tells him that even if he is a lucky
person there is only a seven percent
chance that the mind will not explode
when he steps off and again asks him to
hand him the radio the man gives it to
him and mike tries to communicate with
the base but to no success moments later
the man tells him to become a free man
and then leaves at dusk mike starts to
hallucinate and starts arguing alone
with someone invisible moments later he
sees his friend tommy get up from the
sand saying that it is almost time to go
home and that he will stay by his side
at night mike hears his cell phone
ringing and tries to reach it his friend
tells him he is crazy since there is no
signal there but then shows him the cell
phone with a call from his father in the
hallucination mike remembered how his
father abandoned him when he was a boy
he wants to survive so he could see his
wife jenny and not abandon her like they
did him soon after a pack of jackals
approaches mike and attacks him the boy
defends himself as best he can with his
gun and a knife while the wild animals
pounce on him the next morning we can
see mike shivering and bleeding still
with his knife in his hand the clock
shows 7 hours to his rescue and the boy
grabs the radio to communicate with the
base they tell him that the convoy was
attacked and is overdue so he must
survive another 17 hours before they
reach his position mike is devastated
but the commander passes the microphone
to his wife hearing her voice mike
apologizes for leaving her alone and
regrets the decisions that led to the
situation he's in he then hallucinates
seeing her in front of him and begins to
fade away falling forward luckily the
man who has been helping him appears and
holds him up preventing mike from
lifting his foot off the mine and
exploding as he heals his wounds the man
tells him that a long time ago he too
stood on a mine that blew his leg off he
tells him that he thought his life was
over at that moment as nothing would
ever be the same again but he was still
able to recover and is now a happy man
mike listens attentively and
congratulates him for having such a nice
girl who helped him by bringing his
canteen confused the man tells him that
his daughter died a few years ago it
turns out that they are very poor so
they were out mining to sell them to the
army leaving a small metal can instead
one of these excursions his daughter
stepped on one of the mines causing it
to explode and dying on the spot mike is
confused as he had seen his daughter
when she finishes healing him she gives
him a strange substance to drink and
then leaves as he walks away mike sees
his daughter again but she quickly
disappears behind a cloud of sand after
a while mike starts hallucinating again
and he sees his father who used to beat
his mother he remembers the beautiful
times he spent with his wife and also
his mother in a hospital bed fighting
for her life suddenly mike is pierced by
a bullet and realized that the
terrorists who were looking for him have
found him they keep shooting at him but
mike quickly grabs his pistol and fires
several shots into the sand until he
detonates a mine which gives him some
cover he then grabs his rifle and shoots
until he runs out of bullets killing
them all mike is badly wounded and soon
after he sees the rescue convoy in the
distance unfortunately the rescue team
cannot see the soldier due to the large
sand dunes and the camouflage of his
clothing the boy needs to get their
attention somehow and sees a smoke
grenade lying in the sand a few meters
away if he manages to activate the
grenade the rescue team will be able to
locate him but to reach it mike has to
move setting off the mind that could
eventually kill him he quickly remembers
the story the man told him and what he
said no matter what happens we have to
take the next step we always have to
continue then mike realizes that it is
better to risk taking the step than to
die in that desert alone and without
being able to see his wife mike is ready
for whatever may happen so he walks
forward releasing the pressure on the
mine surprisingly the explosive did not
detonate and mike falls to the ground
very confused and decides to dig up the
mine as the man taught him and in doing
so discovers that there was not a mine
but a rusty metal can mike opens the can
and inside he finds the toy soldier that
the daughter of the man who took care of
him used to play with at that moment he
realized that there used to be a mine in
that place but the girl had dug it up
putting a tin can in its place mike lies
down on the sand with a soldier in his
hand and begins to laugh in gratitude to
the man and his daughter who had once
again saved his life mike pulls the
grenade and the team goes to rescue him
in the meantime he understands the
important life lesson that this
experience and the man have given him no
matter how difficult your situation is
you always have to move forward you
always have to take that step mike
returns to his hometown where his wife
is waiting for him he approaches her and
drops his bag and kneels down suggesting
that he will never leave her alone again
that was mine comment which series or
movies you'd like me to summarize for
future videos see you later
go to work okay bye
[Music]